UIU-1246: Add fields to Loan Details page (#1103)
folio-org/ui-users: CHANGELOG.md

* Go back to user's accounts when clicking on cancel or `x` from fee/fine form. Fixes UIU-1412.
* Reset patronBlocks before refetching. Fixes UIU-1430 and UIU-1431.
* Fix bug with wrong displaying of address type. Refs UIU-1404

> * Display `Overdue fine policy` and `Lost item fee policy` to `Loan Details` page. Refs UIU-1246.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Display `Overdue fine policy` and `Lost item fee policy` on the `Loan Details` page. Refs UIU-1246.
```
